minor: Add logs and metrics observability to the segment upgrade path that fires while using concurrent locking (#19651)
druid-io/druid: docs/operations/metrics.md

|`ingest/notices/time`|Milliseconds taken to process a notice by the supervisor.|`supervisorId`, `dataSource`, `tags`| < 1s |
|`ingest/pause/time`|Milliseconds spent by a task in a paused state without ingesting.|`dataSource`, `taskId`, `tags`| < 10 seconds|
|`ingest/handoff/time`|Total number of milliseconds taken to handoff a set of segments.|`dataSource`, `taskId`, `taskType`, `groupId`, `tags`|Depends on the coordinator cycle time.|

> |`ingest/realtime/segmentUpgrade/count`|Number of pending segments that a concurrent replace (for example, compaction) upgraded to a new version and asked the supervisor to have running tasks announce under the new version. Emitted by the replace task only when streaming ingestion is running concurrently with replace on the same interval.|`dataSource`, `taskId`, `taskType`, `groupId`, `interval`, `version`, `tags`|0 unless [concurrent append and replace](../ingestion/concurrent-append-replace.md) is in use.|

Reviewer: We should probably rename this metric from `count` to `persisted` to signify that this is the count that was actually persisted to the metadata store.
Also, rephrased the text a bit.

```suggestion
|`ingest/realtime/segmentUpgrade/persisted`|Number of pending segments that were upgraded in the metadata store while publishing segments to an interval. Emitted by the Overlord only when a REPLACE task (e.g., compaction task with `useConcurrentLocks` set to `true`) commits segments to an interval already containing pending segments allocated to an APPEND task (e.g. streaming task with `useConcurrentLocks` set to `true`). |`dataSource`, `taskId`, `taskType`, `groupId`, `interval`, `version`, `tags`|0 unless [concurrent append and replace](../ingestion/concurrent-append-replace.md) is in use.|
```
